Clarify preferredTokenSigningKeyThumbprint property (#10020)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs-contrib: api-reference/beta/api/serviceprincipal-update.md

|publishedPermissionScopes|[permissionScope](../resources/permissionScope.md) collection|The OAuth 2.0 permissions exposed by the associated application. For more information, see the **oauth2PermissionScopes** property definition on the [application](../resources/application.md) resource. Not nullable.            |
|preferredSingleSignOnMode|string|Specifies the single sign-on mode configured for this application. Microsoft Entra ID uses the preferred single sign-on mode to launch the application from Microsoft 365 or the Microsoft Entra My Apps. The supported values are password, saml, external, and oidc.|
|preferredTokenSigningKeyEndDateTime|DateTimeOffset|Specifies the expiration date of the keyCredential used for token signing, marked by **preferredTokenSigningKeyThumbprint**.|

> |preferredTokenSigningKeyThumbprint|String|Thumbprint of the keyCredentials certificate used to sign SAML tokens for this service principal; set with useCustomTokenSigningKey = true to activate or roll over the SAML SSO signing certificate.|

Reviewer: Hello @jsoveral, for clarity and alignment with the Microsoft Graph docs standards. Please update the description. Suggested revision:

```suggestion
|preferredTokenSigningKeyThumbprint|String|The thumbprint of the **keyCredentials** certificate used to sign SAML tokens for this service principal. To activate or roll over the SAML sign-on (SSO) signing certificate, set this property when **useCustomTokenSigningKey** is set to `true`.|
```
